Document the /v4/deployments API. (#860)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/api/v2/api-docs-mdx/endpoints/deployments.mdx

### List Deployments

<Endpoint method="GET" url="/v4/now/deployments" />

List deployments under the account corresponding to the API token.
If a deployment hasn't finished uploading (is incomplete), the `url` property will have a value of `null`.

#### Request Query Parameters

The response of this API can be controlled with the following query parameters. All of them are optional.

| Key            | Description                                                                                                |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **limit**      | No of deployments to limit for a single request. (default: 5, max: 100)                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **limit**      | Maximum number of deployments to list from a request. (default: 5, max: 100)                                    |
```

> | **from**       | Get the deployment created after this timestamp. (default: current time)                                   |

Reviewer: Epoch timestamp? Which format?

Author: @timothyis it's JavaScript timestamp.

> | **from**       | Get the deployment created after this timestamp. (default: current time)                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **from**       | Get the deployment created after this [Date](#api-basics/types) timestamp. (default: current time)                                   |
```

> | **projectId**  | Filter deloyments from the given projectId.                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **projectId**  | Filter deployments from the given `projectId`.                                                                |
```

> | **meta-[KEY]** | Filter deployments by the given meta key value pairs. e.g., `meta-githubDeployment=1` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **meta-[KEY]** | Filter deployments by the given meta key value pairs. e.g., `meta-githubDeployment=1`. |
```

> | **meta-[KEY]** | Filter deployments by the given meta key value pairs. eg: <InlineCode>meta-githubDeployment=1</InlineCode> |

Reviewer: We're not in JSX, so we can use markdown
```suggestion
| **meta-[KEY]** | Filter deployments by the given meta key value pairs. e.g., `meta-githubDeployment=1` |
```

| **created** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">String</HelpLink>       | A number containing the date when the deployment was created (_in timestamp_).                                                                          |
| **creator** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Map</HelpLink>          | A map with the ID of the user who created the deployment.                                                                                               |
| **state**   | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Enum</HelpLink>         | A string with the current deployment state, it could be one of the following `INITIALIZING`, `ANALYZING`, `BUILDING`, `DEPLOYING`, `READY`, or `ERROR`. |

> | **meta**    | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Map</HelpLink>          | A map containing all the deployment metadata.                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **meta**    | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Map</HelpLink>          | A map containing all deployment metadata.                                                                                                           |
```
